ScrollView: Update useNative Note (#8366)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxScrollable/1 Configuration/useNative.md

When this property is set to `true`, ScrollView uses the browser's scrolling logic. When disabled, the component implements custom scrolling logic that does not change across browsers and devices.

[note]

> - When **useNative** is enabled and the component contains no focusable elements, [Axe](https://www.deque.com/axe/) reports a [false positive issue for scrollable-region-focusable](https://github.com/dequelabs/axe-core/issues/2822). This does not affect the accessibility levels of your application. To resolve the issue, you can add the `tabindex="0"` attribute to the ScrollView content container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When **useNative** is enabled and the component contains no focusable elements, [Axe](https://www.deque.com/axe/) reports a [false positive issue for scrollable-region-focusable](https://github.com/dequelabs/axe-core/issues/2822). This does not affect the accessibility level of your application. To resolve this issue, add the `tabindex="0"` attribute to the ScrollView content container.
```
